# List of proprietary files shared among qcom msm7627a ics devices.

system/bin/ATFWD-daemon
# audio shared objects
system/lib/libaudioalsa.so
# gps shared objects
system/lib/libcommondefs.so
# camera shared objects
system/lib/libmmstillomx.so
system/lib/libimage-jpeg-enc-omx-comp.so
system/lib/libmmjpeg.so
system/lib/libimage-omx-common.so
system/lib/libmmcamera_hdr_lib.so
system/lib/libmmcamera_faceproc.so
system/lib/libmmcamera_frameproc.so
system/lib/libmmcamera_image_stab.so
system/lib/libmmcamera_interface2.so
system/lib/libmmcamera_statsproc31.so
system/lib/libmmcamera_wavelet_lib.so
system/bin/mm-qcamera-app
system/bin/mm-qcamera-test
system/bin/v4l2-qcamera-app
system/bin/mm-qcamera-daemon
system/bin/mm-qcamera-testsuite-client
system/lib/libcamera_client.so
system/lib/libcameraservice.so
# adreno files
system/lib/libsc-a2xx.so
system/lib/libOpenVG.so
system/lib/libgsl.so
system/lib/egl/libq3dtools_adreno200.so
system/lib/egl/libGLESv2_adreno200.so
system/lib/egl/libGLESv1_CM_adreno200.so
system/lib/egl/libEGL_adreno200.so
system/lib/egl/eglsubAndroid.so
system/etc/firmware/yamato_pm4.fw
system/etc/firmware/yamato_pfp.fw
# armeabi
system/lib/armeabi/libdme_main.so
# modem api proprietary
system/lib/libadc.so
system/lib/libauth.so
system/lib/libcm.so
system/lib/libgsdi_exp.so
system/lib/libmmgsdilib.so
system/lib/libmvs.so
system/lib/libnv.so
system/lib/liboem_rapi.so
system/lib/libpbmlib.so
system/lib/libping_mdm.so
system/lib/libsnd.so
system/lib/libuim.so
system/lib/libvoem_if.so
system/lib/libwidevine.so
system/lib/libgstk_exp.so
# vendor/qcom/proprietary/data
system/lib/libconfigdb.so
system/lib/libdsi_netctrl.so
system/lib/libdsprofile.so
system/lib/libdss.so
system/lib/libdsucsd.so
system/lib/libdsutils.so
system/lib/libnetmgr.so
system/lib/libqdi.so
system/lib/libqdp.so
system/bin/bridgemgrd
system/bin/ds_fmc_appd
system/bin/netmgrd
system/bin/nl_listener
# vendor/qcom/proprietary/qmi
system/lib/libqcci_legacy.so
system/lib/libqmi_client_qmux.so
system/lib/libqmi_csvt_srvc.so
system/lib/libqmi.so
system/bin/qmiproxy
system/bin/qmuxd
# vendor/qcom/proprietary/oncrpc
system/lib/libping_apps.so
system/lib/liboncrpc.so
system/lib/libdsm.so
# vendor/qcom/proprietary/mm-http
system/lib/libmmhttpstack.so
system/lib/libmmiipstreammmihttp.so
system/lib/libmmipstreamaal.so
system/lib/libmmipstreamnetwork.so
system/lib/libmmipstreamsourcehttp.so
system/lib/libmmipstreamutils.so
# vendor/qcom/proprietary/webkit
system/lib/libdnshostprio.so
system/lib/libgetzip.so
system/lib/pp_proc_plugin.so
# vendor/qcom/proprietary/xmllib
system/lib/libxml.so
# vendor/qcom/proprietary/v8
system/lib/libv8.so
# vendor/qcom/proprietary/qcril
system/lib/libril-qc-qmi-1.so
system/lib/libril-qc-1.so
# vendor/qcom/proprietary/mm-video
#system/lib/liblasic.so
system/lib/libOmxH264Dec.so
system/lib/libOmxMpeg4Dec.so
system/lib/libOmxOn2Dec.so
system/lib/libOmxrv9Dec.so
system/lib/libOmxVp8Dec.so
system/lib/libOmxWmvDec.so
# vendor/qcom/proprietary/mm-parser-noship
system/lib/libmmparser.so
# vendor/qcom/proprietary/mm-camera/server
system/lib/liboemcamera.so
# vendor/qcom/proprietary/mm-osal
system/lib/libmmosal.so
# vendor/qcom/proprietary/mm-still
system/lib/libmmjpeg.so
# vendor/qcom/proprietary/cne-noship
system/lib/libcneapiclient.so
system/bin/cnd
# vendor/qcom/proprietary/diag
system/bin/diag_klog
# vendor/qcom/proprietary/gps
system/bin/loc_api_app
# service ppd
system/bin/mm-pp-daemon
# service port-bridge
system/bin/port-bridge
# service bt-sap
system/bin/sapd
# service bt-dun
system/bin/dun-server
# service rmt_storage
system/bin/rmt_storage
# Export GPIO56 for fusion targets to enable/disable hub
system/bin/usbhub_init

#others
system/lib/libCommandSvc.so
system/lib/libjni_mosaic.so
#system/lib/libnode.so
system/lib/libTamperDetect.so
system/lib/libaudioparameter.so
system/lib/libsrsprocessing.so
system/lib/libDivxDrm.so
system/lib/libNimsWrap.so
system/lib/libSHIMDivxDrm.so
system/lib/libaudioeq.so
system/lib/libcneqmiutils.so
system/lib/libcneutils.so
system/lib/libdiag.so
#system/lib/libdivxdrmdecrypt.so
system/lib/libfastcvopt.so
system/lib/libgemini.so
system/lib/libgetzip.so
system/lib/libgps.so
#system/lib/libgps.utils.so
system/lib/libidl.so
system/lib/libloc_ext.so
system/lib/libmm-abl.so
system/lib/libmm-abl-oem.so
system/lib/libmm-adspsvc.so
system/lib/libmmipl.so
system/lib/libnetmonitor.so
system/lib/libqc-opt.so
system/lib/libqmiservices.so
system/lib/libqueue.so
system/lib/libril-qcril-hook-oem.so
system/lib/libtcpfinaggr.so
system/lib/libulp.so
system/lib/libulp2.so
system/lib/libwebkitaccel.so
system/lib/libwms.so
system/lib/libwmsts.so
#system/lib/libzipfile.so
system/lib/qnet-plugin.so
system/lib/tcp-connections.so
system/lib/libmm-abl.so
#system/lib/libtinyxml.so
system/bin/abtfilt
system/bin/athtestcmd
system/bin/artagent
system/bin/ccid_daemon
system/bin/diag_atc
system/bin/diag_dci_client
system/bin/diag_mdlog
system/bin/diag_uart_log
system/bin/fmconfig
system/bin/fm_qsoc_patches
system/bin/ftmdaemon
system/bin/gpu_dcvsd
system/bin/hci_qcomm_init
system/bin/ipth_dua
system/bin/iw
system/bin/psatUtil
system/bin/mpdecision
system/bin/n_smux
system/bin/radish
system/bin/stop_mdlog
system/bin/subsystem_ramdump
system/bin/test_gemini
system/bin/thermald
system/bin/usbhub
system/bin/widevinetest_rpc
system/bin/wiperiface

system/framework/browsermanagement.jar
system/framework/cneapiclient.jar
system/framework/com.qualcomm.location.vzw_library.jar
system/framework/com.quicinc.cne.jar
system/framework/modemwarmup.jar
system/framework/qcnvitems.jar
system/framework/qcrilhook.jar
system/framework/com.qualcomm.secureservices.pkcs.pkcs11.jar
system/framework/com.qualcomm.secureservices.pkcs.pkcs11.callback.jar

#system/lib/invoke_mock_media_player.so
system/lib/libaccelcal.so
system/lib/libDiagService.so
system/lib/libfilterpack_facedetect.so
system/lib/libfrsdk.so
system/lib/libmaoma_server.so
system/lib/libOmxAacDec.so
#system/lib/libOmxAacEnc.so
system/lib/libOmxAdpcmDec.so
system/lib/libOmxAmrDec.so
#system/lib/libOmxAmrEnc.so
system/lib/libOmxAmrRtpDec.so
system/lib/libOmxAmrwbDec.so
system/lib/libOmxEvrcDec.so
#system/lib/libOmxEvrcEnc.so
system/lib/libOmxEvrcHwDec.so
system/lib/libOmxIttiamVdec.so
system/lib/libOmxIttiamVenc.so
system/lib/libOmxMp3Dec.so
system/lib/libOmxQcelp13Dec.so
#system/lib/libOmxQcelp13Enc.so
system/lib/libOmxQcelpHwDec.so
#system/lib/libOmxVidEnc.so
system/lib/libOmxWmaDec.so
system/lib/libvideochat_jni.so
system/lib/libvideochat_stabilize.so
system/lib/libvoicesearch.so

system/bin/ast-mm-vdec-omx-test7k
#system/bin/mm-adec-omxaac-test
system/bin/mm-adec-omxadpcm-test
system/bin/mm-adec-omxamr-test
system/bin/mm-adec-omxamrwb-test
system/bin/mm-adec-omxevrc-hw-test
#system/bin/mm-adec-omxmp3-test
system/bin/mm-adec-omxQcelpHw-test
system/bin/mm-adec-omxvam-test
system/bin/mm-adec-omxwma-test
system/bin/mm-adspsvc-test
#system/bin/mm-aenc-omxaac-test
#system/bin/mm-aenc-omxamr-test
#system/bin/mm-aenc-omxevrc-test
#system/bin/mm-aenc-omxqcelp13-test
system/bin/mm-audio-alsa-test
system/bin/mm-audio-ctrl-test
system/bin/mm-audio-mvs-test
system/bin/mm-jpeg-dec-test
system/bin/mm-jpeg-enc-test
system/bin/mm-jpeg-enc-test-client
#system/bin/mm-vdec-omx-test
system/bin/mm-venc-omx-test
#system/bin/resize2fs

